Adjust names of log files in Elastic Agent documentation (#1499)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/configuration/elastic-agent-standalone-logging.asciidoc

include::{tab-widgets}/logging-widget.asciidoc[]

> Logs file names end with date and an optional number: log-date.ndjson, log-date-1.ndjson, and so on as new files are created on rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs file names end with a date and optional number: log-date.ndjson, log-date-1.ndjson, and so on as new files are created during rotation.
```
